So I don't know about you, but I thought
that was a pretty exciting module.
I just, I got goosebumps,
it's electric in here.
The next section I want to talk
about is state management.
And I think that going
from micro front ends to
discussion on reactive architecture just
is a natural segue into state management.
And we've seen the facade pattern, but
we're going to flush that back out and
talk about the individual pieces and
why they're important.
And I think as well just kind of
stopping and looking at NgRx as a whole.
And I think there's some
narratives that I've heard
that I think create maybe
a misleading context.
Or I think that individuals,
I think they've told
themselves that it's so
hard that too much, and
then they move on to other options
like a service with the subject.
Before I go any further though,
what I do wanna say is that,
I sometimes I like to tell jokes.
And occasionally,
I will say things that are humorous to me,
but it sounds maybe
sharper than I intended.
What I do wanna be clear is that though
I think that NgRx is a great option.
I think the barrier to entry
to fully understanding and
embracing NgRx and Redux is a paradigm
the same thing with observables.
So if I'm being totally transparent,
that it took me around 3 weeks to fully
wrap my mind around Redux and NgRx.
And this is me practicing building
stuff every day having access
to the Angular team.
And I had to go through
a monumental tectonic shift
in the way that I thought
about applications and
it was it eventually
completely became inverted.
And it's the best thing I think
from a conceptual standpoint that's
happened to me.
But I say this to say that if NgRx, Redux,
and observables are confusing or
overwhelming.
I totally get it.
I was there and I don't think
anybody should ever diminish that.
It does take work to shift the way that
we fundamentally process the world and
the paradigms in which we use to
express the world around us in code.
So I just wanted to lead with that,
is that,
I know this can be challenging and
confusing, but
what I can also say is that
it's completely worth it.
The one thing I will say is that There
are ways to think about it that I think
make the barrier to entry not as steep.
I would also actually say that
we conceptually understand NgRx
without actually realizing it.
And so if you came to me and said hey,
I need to learn, I need to fake it,
I'm going to a party and
I really like this person and
I'm meeting their dad and
I have to impress them.
And they're gonna ask me about NgRx,
what do I do, how do I fake it?
My answer would be this.
Do you understand how
component architecture works?
Do you understand how inputs and outputs
work between a parent and child component?
When you have a parent component,
how does information get from the parent
component to the child component?
Well, using binding, that it's basically
streamed into the child component.
And when something happens
in the child component,
how does the parent event know about it?
Well, through an event broadcast.
So essentially, state or
data flows down, events flow up.
In, out.
This is exactly how NgRx works.
We have an observable stream
that is coming from the store,
that's pushing state changes,
slices of state into the component layers,
and when something happens
through the facade.
The facade broadcast events that
gets picked up by the store or
effects and processed and
then put back into the store.
So I think if we start with
just state flows down,
it's an observable stream that
you capture using selectors or
queries, I don't know
why they call it that.
And when you wanna communicate
something back up,
you dispatch an action or an event.
So with that said, let me go and,
Let me just generate A state
layer feature, all right.
I'm gonna just cut a new branch here and
we're gonna call this state management.
When did you this one and, What was
the feature slice we've been working on?
So we had workshops.
Let's do that.
All right, So
putting the training wheels on,
I think there's a way
To traverse text on a command line
is faster than I'm doing it.
But I'll say some other hotkeys.
Everybody check this with me.
So I'm generating a library,
I wanna call it workshop state.
And it's going into libs
workshop state standalone and
as provided training wheels engaged.
Did that go or, there we go.
All right, so super simple,
just generating a library,
it's just a container.
All right, let's get it.